You shut up
Dad, don't call me dad
I, Chen Changguo, don't have you to eat
Foreign daughter
Our nine clans were harmed by him into this state
You actually knelt down and begged him to marry him again
Are you trying to piss me off, Dad?
We should never forget our roots.
Our Chen family can have today's power and status
They all rely on a paper marriage contract and a boat
Chen Ruoxi is also a goddess
You and I are both Kyushu Muses
You are too embarrassing for our goddess.
You want to marry him, marry yourself
Take me less
The daughter of the Chen family
It is the nine girls who are as sensible as you
He Chou nine clans perish
I'm going down the mountain
Just want to get back my nine fairies
The reason why I married you
So as not to hurt your lives
But some people think they are right
shortsightedness
The little girl is willing to return the main garden to the capital
I just ask the Lord not to bring me to Beizhou
Let go of my Chen family
I can keep you safe.
But the wine is self-inflicted
There will be retribution
Look at Chen Ruoxi
I told you
What's the use of giving it to him even if you remove it from the shelves?
Lao Chen
Your Chen family really gave birth to a good daughter.
Do you want to leave the nine clans?
Can't you stand on your own?
Chen Ruoxi, get back to me immediately
Otherwise, I will expel you from the Zen family
Expel Northland
Dad is no longer my Chen Changguo's daughter
Then banish me together